ran
me
How about Ahora Hello nerd school
This seems to be the topic of this issue Perfect Grade Unicorn Gundam
I wrote in the video comment section but I completed
And it is 4 days that this has arrived
During I'd thought Na Do you slowly spider to your New Year arrived in 4 days
Well slowly you a little that Tteyuu mood is changed this may create another the day after 15 days
Though
It sounds like I made it while watching the unicorn dvd
Is it about a little while before you finish watching all ?
So it is around approximately 6 hours
So let's see the Perfect Grade Unicorn Gundam right away
Please see the Perfect Grade Unicorn Gundam
Take a look at this unicorn mode a little bit
The corner is like this and it is one corner
It is just a unicorn
Very up is the part of the visor of the head is not made of clear parts of the green
It is also fine modeling
This Vulcan cannon is another part
It is a little chunky mostly from Unicorn to the overall proportion is now
This LED unit was released simultaneously when I purchased this unicorn Gundam
Also bought together
It is surely included in this
Like this
I'm issue
The battery box is mounted in this
This would be this off and after the mode change-over switch
It always will be amazing When pressed,
When this back backpack is removed
Please have a look, but there are electric lamps, but this is also this
This and this part at the tip of this pedestal
Connect here
Connect the axis of the body and stand to this
Connect this
Like this, I will connect the backpack again
Most wiring As you can see will be such a feeling attached to it does not seem pedestal
Ah ah ah
Kedomo lookout way that I'm here and say whether illuminate Te Here is a switch Bu'
It is a power button
Turn on the power and switch the mode here
Hmm
Yes Yes
I can go
Contact Wow over
So Rhone
Parentheses yeah
Please see this tomb red light
I wonder if this video is transmitted
It is pretty beautiful
This is the true point of this Perfect Grade Unicorn Gundam
Light up gimmick
This is great
How does the light go like this? Not only the light but also the light is strong
I'm weak and shine
If you leave something leave open the Kopitto is to stand like this the best of the Unicorn Gundam
It looks like it was handed over
It is great that this glow only if this psycho-frame has not been deployed yet-
Well there was a worth making hard work
It is such a feeling in a bright place for the residents
So how was this video?
Though it is a little different from a review, it is a report that it has been assembled somehow
A little towards the middle of the assembled people or now Well, not yet purchased
I thought it would be nice if I could give advice
I think any time is also about roughly 1000 yen This ne parts about Perfect grade
I wonder if not it about this time maybe war is cut
Relatively crisp compared to the perfect grade of until now in some of the quite large parts itself
It was assembled
However, this built-in LED unit was a little hard
It feels a little different from the emperor who says to make that plastic model
This was pretty hard-
Other than that, it is very smooth. What is the perfect grade of this time?
The joints inside the invisible part of up to
Hit Ayu cylinder and so on
More than this expression of detail, this time we will completely transform
Unicorn Gundam with 1/60 scale luminous gimmick
I'm a little different is the perfect grade of up to feeling you I'm a little now
It's quite hot but there are a few magazines
It will be completed when you build the Yamakoshi
I think you make a temporary set before after is to paint telling make a pretty plastic model
Please check the key place where it is written Te this patch N'of this Perfect grade
It will be corrupted and another to poor at do not come off in this simple
It is also very difficult to remove
Also Toka location comes out but I did you say okay Nde was no one to say fortunately so
Probably very hard this
This part separator is included this time and this is quite versatile and very helpful
It was
What Te say I would Do not anymore become a little make a mistake say and pretty quick acme
Quick licks or something
Also at the time of incorporation of the LED unit
It is a great all-rounder to use this or this
In the next movie, Destroy mode and then Unchained mode
We thoroughly review how to make the transformation of two modes
Come Look always off-board Once when in the raised also is moving in you to shine angry this the
How about the high marks and comments of
Thank you very much encouragement If you have not subscribed yet
You subscribe please thank you so'll will see you in the next video
Probably your ball
tan
me